Medical Care Management System Requirements

Team Members: 
  Eric Brewer
  Alex Arriaga 
  Esai Jimenez

Purpose:
  The purpose of this project is to provide a different type of health care doucmentation. This project provides a system that is not only controlled by the health care
  proffesionals, but also by the patient. This keeps medical records up to date efficiently and effectively. Each user will have an ecrypted password as a seccurity feature.
  
  
  1. Name: add_user
     Type: Functional
     Summary: creates a new patient, doctor, or nurse profile. Ask for password, and sets permissions.
     
  2. Name: delete_user
     Type: Functional
     Summary: Deletes user from the database if needed.
  
  3. Name: delete_record
     Type: Functionality
     Summary: Allows user to delete medical record as specified in case of error. Only allowed by certain permissions.
     
  4. Name: add_bloodpressure
     Type: Functional
     Summary: Allows patient, nurse, or doctor to enter blood pressure at a certain time and date.
     
  5. Name: add_bloodsugar
     Type: Functional
     Summary: Allows patient, nurse, or doctor to enter blood sugar and records time and date.
     
  6. Name: add_surgeryrecords
     Type: Functional
     Summary: Allows a patient, nurse, or doctor to enter surgery records.
     
  7. Name: add_drugrecords
     Type: Functional
     Summary: Allows a patient, nurse, or doctor to create a list of drugs the patient has taken, or
     is currently taking.
     
  8. Name: add_prescription
     Type: Functional
     Summary: Allows doctor or nurse to add a new presciption. (Doctors can send controlled substances, while nurses cannot.)

  9. Name: show_patientProfile
     Type: Functional
     Summary: Allows doctors and nurses to see a full patient profile by search parameters.
    
  10. Name: platform_os
      Type: constraint
      Summary: Our system will be targeted towards windows 10
      
  11. Name: backup_data
      Type: constraint
      Summary: In case of failure data will be backed up on scheduled intervals.
    
  12 Name: encrypt_password
      Type: risk
      Summary: This encrypts the password entered by the user when creating a new profile.
      
  
  
  
